Talk to me, people. Okay, I'm fine today.
here to tell you that today 15
three years ago that harry potter and
The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was
released
Good, I've always been a fan of harry
potter in every movie is
some collector stuff and I'm going
talk a little bit about how it was mine
experience to see a movie in the cinema
on preview
I went with a friend of mine and the other day.
I had class and bad the funniest thing I
I was crying already I was already in
certain parts is just like in books, right?
I was already assigned to cry
the part that I cried the most was death
the swan pi né
I think the majority of 80 or 90 per
of the population who saw the film is
must have sniffed at that part
and in the end that kind face just for
harry potter fans in the head you bounce
on a DVD and re view or read the books
again like I do
and now to jay kay write a new tale
I have not read it yet, I have not seen anything but I
I'm looking forward to reading now how I feel about it.
vacation and wonder what it is that
they stayed like this I think I had
11 years my letter from robert to today
I had a duty to you
I won on enem not my brother who
I won my godfather in the day
children
and I was afraid of love volga when I was
child when he appeared in the first
movie was hiding me is some revelations
here's harry potter in my life right?
people then harry potter three years ago
much much even
I was only going to say that today because I
I almost forgot people
really me
I forgot why I was without internet today
and when I saw I remembered, either I
I do not speak, you do not have to make a video as well.
fast or say something just like that
then harry potter for people who
fan of harry potter leave in comments
so it 's something of the saga that you
They like that you do not like that I go
love and the comments of you a
Kiss and see you next time.